# packages in environment at /opt/homebrew/Caskroom/miniforge/base/envs/assignment_1:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
appnope                   0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               21.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0          py310hf8d0d8f_2    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.0.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     22.1.0             pyh71513ae_1    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.11.1             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
bleach                    5.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h1c322ee_7    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h1c322ee_7    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h3422bc3_4    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.9.14            h4653dfc_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2022.9.14          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1          py310he00a5c5_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.3           py310hc6dc59f_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flit-core                 3.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.37.1          py310h8e9501a_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hd633e50_0    conda-forge
imbalanced-learn          0.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.11.4          py310hbe9552e_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       5.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.15.2             pyh736e0ef_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.5.0              pyhd1c38e8_1    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.1             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
joblib                    1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   he4db4b2_2    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.16.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.0.0           py310hbe9552e_7    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.3.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.11.1          py310hbe9552e_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupytext                  1.14.0             pyheef035f_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4           py310hd23d0e8_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 had6a04f_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h9a09cb3_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           16_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h1c322ee_7    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h1c322ee_7    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h1c322ee_7    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           16_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libcxx                    14.0.6               h2692d47_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.14                 h1a8c8d9_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h3422bc3_5    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           11_3_0_hd922786_25    conda-forge
libgfortran5              11.3.0              hdaf2cc0_25    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           16_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.21          openmp_hc731615_3    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h9b2ccdc_4    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.20.1               hb5ab8b9_4    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h27ca646_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.39.3               h76d750c_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                hfa0b094_4    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.4                h57fd34a_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h9b22ae9_1004    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               ha287fd2_2    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               14.0.4               hd125106_0    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.1           py310hf8d0d8f_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.5.3           py310hb6292c7_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.5.3           py310h78c5c2f_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdit-py-plugins           0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py310he2143c4_1005    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.5.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 6.4.5           py310hbe9552e_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h07bb92c_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ninja                     1.11.0               hf86a087_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.4.12             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.23.3          py310h5d7c261_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                h5d4e404_1    conda-forge
openssl                   3.0.5                h03a7124_2    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.4.4           py310h2b830bf_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    9.2.0           py310h173adc3_2    conda-forge
pip                       22.2.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.14.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.31             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.31               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.2           py310h8e9501a_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h27ca646_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.18.1          py310hf8d0d8f_1    conda-forge
python                    3.10.6          hae75cb6_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.16.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    2_cp310    conda-forge
pytorch                   1.12.1          cpu_py310h911b1ea_0    conda-forge
pytz                      2022.2.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0             py310hf8d0d8f_4    conda-forge
pyzmq                     23.2.1          py310h666594b_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1.2                h46ed386_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.1.2           py310h3d7afdd_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.9.1           py310ha0d8a01_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.12.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                65.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sleef                     3.5.1                h156473d_2    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.3.2.post1        pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.13.2          py310h611a7d1_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.15.0          py310hbe9552e_0    conda-forge
testpath                  0.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.1.0              pyh8a188c0_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               he1e0b03_0    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.2             py310h02f21da_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.3.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022c                h191b570_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              14.0.0          py310hf8d0d8f_1    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h27ca646_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h27ca646_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h57fd34a_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h3422bc3_2    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                hbdafb3b_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h8128057_4    conda-forge
